At this point in the game, we've already
walked you through the process of
downloading all of the files that you
need, the binaries and the boot loaders.
We also taught you how to
make your path variable,
which you've already learned I think
a couple times before in previous lessons.
And now it's time to actually
boot your board into fast boot,
and get the stuff flashed over.
So, first off, you want to make sure
your board is unplugged or powered down.
Secondly, you want to make sure that
you're in the right boot configuration.
So, by flipping your board over you can
see that you have your dip switches
right here, all four of them.
They need to be in the zero,
zero, zero, zero position.
This is away from the board, so
you can kind of see right there I hope.
Now that we have all of that set up,
we want to make sure that we have our
host PC hooked into the micro USB port.
Our HDMI port is plugged in because once
we flash over to the new operating system,
we want to, you know,
make sure it boots up.
And then we also have
this little dongle here,
which controls our keyboard and our mouse.
So in a previous lesson, you did
learn how to boot it into fast boot,
but what we're going to do is
we're going to do it again here.
So by holding the minus sign button,
there's three buttons, the power,
the plus, and the minus.
We're gonna hold down
the minus sign button, and
we're going to plug in the adapter here,
the power adapter.
And we've found that a sweet
spot is about ten seconds.
So you hold onto the button for
about ten seconds, and
you should boot into fast boot.
And you, Chris Shears,
can actually prove it.
So we should be in fast boot now.
We're gonna look at his screen, and
we're gonna actually prove
that we're in fast boot.
>> So a very easy way to
check if it's in fast boot is
go back to the same path variable we
had to the fast boot path variable.
And I'm calling on the path variable again
by putting percentage signs around it.
One of the commands that the fast boot
has is this thing called device, and
it tells you which devices
are plugged in fast boot.
I'm going to click enter, and
I see a little code there.
And that code is for the DragonBoard, and
it's basically telling me that
the DragonoBoard is in fast boot mode.
So the next thing I want to do here is,
remember that file we
created with the script?
That's gonna allow us to flash
everything at the same time.
So you're going to go here and let's see.
So you're going to add in the new.
>> You can see actually
you already have that in.
So in your other script that you had that
we did at the end of the last video.
All we had was the boot recovery
system user data, so on.
>> Right.
>> The commands essentially.
>> We had all this here,
all the way down to the erase part.
So we downloaded all
the boot loader stuff, and
then we erased the previous
installation pause there.
And then what we want to do is instead of,
if you remember back,
we also downloaded a bunch of other files
called boot, recovery system and all that.
Instead of having to flash each
of those files independently,
we can just append that
onto the script file.
And then the script file will
flash those things also.
After the erase file,
you just want to copy that third
chunk there, and paste it again.
And, you want to replace the word that
says erase, and replace it with flash.
Then, you want to type in boot.
And then the name of the boot file.
The boot.image.
You want to type in recovery.
Recovery.image.
System, system.image.
And you just want to go down the line
there for user data, cash, device info,
and then the persist.
So now you have six commands there, and
these six commands will actually flash
those image files onto
the DragonBoard in just one go.
You just run the script file,
everything will get flashed on, so
let's start doing that now.
>> Yeah, also if you're confused, or
if you don't know what you're doing,
just pause the video right now and
just copy that.
>> Yeah.
>> So you can just copy
that into your file.
>> Pause the video, copy,
type it in exactly as you see it.
And so we're going to go into
our command prompt again, and
we're gonna, now you want to go into the
file that has all your boot loaders and
the other image files downloaded.
So you want to go into cd.
I'm gonna go into my users here.
And then my Desktop.
And then I have it saved in a file called
android, so I'm gonna go into that.
And then if I click DIR I'm gonna see
all the files that I downloaded here.
It has everything here.
And another very important thing I
wanted to add is that when you're
saving this file,
you wanna save it as a .bat file.
So the file will be
initially in flashall and
it's very,
very important that you do flashall.bat.
If it's not in .bat file it won't run.
So make sure it's in flashall.bat.
And now everything's ready to go.
>> Well, why don't you.
Yeah, there actually you can
see the .bat file right there.
>> Yeah, so
you can see that it's popped up there.
And then all we have
to do is Flashall.bat,
that's all we have to do now, and
voila, everything's happening here.
Every single file that we downloaded is
being flashed onto the DragonBoard, and
the boot loader, all the image files.
And so what's gonna happen is you're
now gonna have a fully functional
Android operating system
on your DragonBoard.
Isn't that awesome right?
So you're gonna have that there,
and hopefully you'll have
it on your DragonBoard too.
And if you have any problems,
you can refer to our documentation.
Hopefully we'll see you
guys on our future videos.